notes.md, before:

# Notes

## Todo
- [x] simple seed exercises
- [x] simple exercise list UI
- [x] add eslint
- [x] basic style improvements for UI (think Product Hunt)
  - Might use CSS modules (can reference ducker webpack config)
- [x] placeholder for exercise thumbnail in UI
- [x] add main muscle worked to exercises
  - this is simpler than going with muscles targeted (many to many)
  - starting here and can change later if I really need to support multiple (start simple and
    move to complex)
  - changed from enum to a one-to-many association
- [x] serialize data for the FE
  - Because snake case in JS annoys me and leads to inconsitency/bugs. And the linter yells at me.
  - And because exercise names have underscores in them (like lower_back)
- [x] add search to exercises
  - [x] API get endpoint that supports query param
  - [x] search UI
- [x] user can create new exercises
  - I'm thinking there should be an "add new" button that pulls up a modal
  - This lets the user stay in the context of creating the routine (don't have to leave the routine
    creation page to add new exercises for that routine)
  - [x] form in UI
    - will need to load muscle group options from BE
  - [x] API endpoints
    - [x] POST /exercises
    - [x] GET /muscles
- [x] search on `main_mucle_worked` as well as `name`
- [x] Handle empty list state in ExercisePanel
- [x] user can create routines
  - [x] add routines and sets to db/models
  - [x] click exercise on left to add to end of exercises on right
- [x] Better error handling
  - Something similar to: https://react.semantic-ui.com/collections/message#message-example-error
- [x] add authentication
  - [x] [Knock](https://github.com/nsarno/knock) looks like a good start. Can roll my own later if I want.
  - [x] Login page
  - [x] Logout link
  - [x] protected routes
- [x] user can view routines they have created
  - This is just in a list for now. Might add a details page/modal later if I want more than the
    editing page
- [ ] add more details to list on RoutinesPage
  - Number of sets in the routine, all muscles worked, number of times completed, created at,
    last performed, etc
- [ ] client-side validation of forms/inputs with feedback for user
- [ ] ErrorMessage component
- [ ] user can remove an exercise in the RoutineExerciseList
- [ ] try using JSON schemas for validation (ex: in POST to routines#create)
  - I think this would be cleaner than `accepts_nested_attributes_for` because the FE can send nicely
    formatted JSON without using rails conventions
    - specifically, `{ "fafSetsAttributes": { ... } }` is awkward
- [ ] Add drag-and-drop support
  - [ ] drag exercise from list to place in order in sets on right
  - [ ] drag and drop sets to change order
- [ ] something to make it more obvious that the newly created exercise is at the top of the list
      would be helpful. Maybe animate it or highlight it?
  - sliding the new exercise in after the modal has closed sounds like a good option
  - or I could just apply a generally animation to the list for things being added/removed, and this
    could handle itself. The only other time this animation would fire is during search though.
- [ ] Add tests for more than just models
- [ ] paginate exercises
  - [ ] pagination BE
  - [ ] pagination FE (infinate scroll or "load more")
- [ ] user can edit exercises
  - Can look at Google docs' UX here
  - Thinking I'll use a UUID that's generated by the BE whenever you select to go to the new routine
    page
    - This way, when a user creates a new routine or is editing an existing routine they will go to
      `/routines/:uuid` or maybe `/routines/:uuid/edit` if I want to differentiate between editing
      and viewing details
- [ ] animate search on the exercise list? eh?
- [ ] animate Message component entering dom
  - https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/animation.html
- [ ] user can edit routines
- [ ] add images to exercises
  - I'm thinking google cloud storage because it'd be free
  - can use carrierwave/fog
  - or paperclip/fog
  - or cloudinary
- [ ] exercise details component
  - I'm thinking a modal (like how Product Hunt's product details work)
  - Details could include instructions, your performances/history, etc
- [ ] webpack optimization stuff
  - lodash
- [ ] add autoprefixer
- [ ] Could show user names of similar exercises that have been created while creating an exercise
- [ ] Favicon
- [ ] prevent scrolling on parent elements (document body) when ExercisePanel reaches its boundaries
  - Can terribly hackily toggle `overflow: hidden` on `document.body` on mouse enter/leave
  - can do something like on of these in a HOC
    - http://jsbin.com/itajok/539/edit?html,js,output (best looking so far)
    - https://codepen.io/somethingkindawierd/post/react-mixin-scroll-lock
    - https://dimakuzmich.wordpress.com/2013/07/16/prevent-scrolling-of-parent-element-with-javascript/
- readme
  - [ ] .env
  - [ ] startup
  - [ ] deployment
- draft routines?
- TODO's anywhere in code

Commit message:

User can edit routine (#8)
* Add GET /api/routines/:id endpoint

* Add PUT /api/routines/:id endpoint

* Get exercises in ExercisePanel via componentDidMount instead of passing through React on Rails view props

* Create routine before navigating to RoutineEditor if creating a new routine

* Link to RoutineEditor from RoutinesPage

* No longer require routine names to be unique.

* Assign a default name to new routines.

* Handle routine creation before navigating to the routine editor. This keeps the workflow simple by just having a "save routine" button for now. I'm likely to change this to be more atomic edits that save automatically, but are undoable (but still create the routine before navigating to the routine editor).

notes.md, after:

# Notes

## Todo
- [x] simple seed exercises
- [x] simple exercise list UI
- [x] add eslint
- [x] basic style improvements for UI (think Product Hunt)
  - Might use CSS modules (can reference ducker webpack config)
- [x] placeholder for exercise thumbnail in UI
- [x] add main muscle worked to exercises
  - this is simpler than going with muscles targeted (many to many)
  - starting here and can change later if I really need to support multiple (start simple and
    move to complex)
  - changed from enum to a one-to-many association
- [x] serialize data for the FE
  - Because snake case in JS annoys me and leads to inconsitency/bugs. And the linter yells at me.
  - And because exercise names have underscores in them (like lower_back)
- [x] add search to exercises
  - [x] API get endpoint that supports query param
  - [x] search UI
- [x] user can create new exercises
  - I'm thinking there should be an "add new" button that pulls up a modal
  - This lets the user stay in the context of creating the routine (don't have to leave the routine
    creation page to add new exercises for that routine)
  - [x] form in UI
    - will need to load muscle group options from BE
  - [x] API endpoints
    - [x] POST /exercises
    - [x] GET /muscles
- [x] search on `main_mucle_worked` as well as `name`
- [x] Handle empty list state in ExercisePanel
- [x] user can create routines
  - [x] add routines and sets to db/models
  - [x] click exercise on left to add to end of exercises on right
- [x] Better error handling
  - Something similar to: https://react.semantic-ui.com/collections/message#message-example-error
- [x] add authentication
  - [x] [Knock](https://github.com/nsarno/knock) looks like a good start. Can roll my own later if I want.
  - [x] Login page
  - [x] Logout link
  - [x] protected routes
- [x] user can view routines they have created
  - This is just in a list for now. Might add a details page/modal later if I want more than the
    editing page
- [ ] user can delete routines
- [ ] User can sort routines list by date created
  - [ ] paginate routines
  - [ ] add sort param for searching
- [ ] add more details to list on RoutinesPage
  - Number of sets in the routine, all muscles worked, number of times completed, created at,
    last performed, etc
- [ ] client-side validation of forms/inputs with feedback for user
- [ ] ErrorMessage component
- [ ] user can remove an exercise in the RoutineExerciseList
- [ ] try using JSON schemas for validation (ex: in POST to routines#create)
  - I think this would be cleaner than `accepts_nested_attributes_for` because the FE can send nicely
    formatted JSON without using rails conventions
    - specifically, `{ "fafSetsAttributes": { ... } }` is awkward
- [ ] Add drag-and-drop support
  - [ ] drag exercise from list to place in order in sets on right
  - [ ] drag and drop sets to change order
- [ ] something to make it more obvious that the newly created exercise is at the top of the list
      would be helpful. Maybe animate it or highlight it?
  - sliding the new exercise in after the modal has closed sounds like a good option
  - or I could just apply a generally animation to the list for things being added/removed, and this
    could handle itself. The only other time this animation would fire is during search though.
- [ ] Add tests for more than just models
- [ ] paginate exercises
  - [ ] pagination BE
  - [ ] pagination FE (infinate scroll or "load more")
- [ ] user can edit exercises
  - Can look at Google docs' UX here
  - Thinking I'll use a UUID that's generated by the BE whenever you select to go to the new routine
    page
    - This way, when a user creates a new routine or is editing an existing routine they will go to
      `/routines/:uuid` or maybe `/routines/:uuid/edit` if I want to differentiate between editing
      and viewing details
- [ ] animate search on the exercise list? eh?
- [ ] animate Message component entering dom
  - https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/animation.html
- [ ] user can edit routines
- [ ] add images to exercises
  - I'm thinking google cloud storage because it'd be free
  - can use carrierwave/fog
  - or paperclip/fog
  - or cloudinary
- [ ] exercise details component
  - I'm thinking a modal (like how Product Hunt's product details work)
  - Details could include instructions, your performances/history, etc
- [ ] webpack optimization stuff
  - lodash
- [ ] add autoprefixer
- [ ] Could show user names of similar exercises that have been created while creating an exercise
- [ ] Favicon
- [ ] prevent scrolling on parent elements (document body) when ExercisePanel reaches its boundaries
  - Can terribly hackily toggle `overflow: hidden` on `document.body` on mouse enter/leave
  - can do something like on of these in a HOC
    - http://jsbin.com/itajok/539/edit?html,js,output (best looking so far)
    - https://codepen.io/somethingkindawierd/post/react-mixin-scroll-lock
    - https://dimakuzmich.wordpress.com/2013/07/16/prevent-scrolling-of-parent-element-with-javascript/
- readme
  - [ ] .env
  - [ ] startup
  - [ ] deployment
- draft routines?
- TODO's anywhere in code
